README.markdown, before:

# 🏃 Late Days

![Google Form Demo](docs/form-demo.png)

Management of late day requests using Google Forms and Google Sheets

## ⚙️ Setting Up

1.  Create the configuration file `config/config.ts` from the sample `config/sample.ts`.

2.  Run the following commands:

    ```bash
    # install dependencies
    npm ci

    # build the JavaScript code
    npm run build

    # log into your Google account (if not globally logged in yet)
    npm run clasp login

    # create a new Google Apps Script project
    npm run clasp create -- --type standalone --title "Late Days Script"

    # deploy the code to the newly created Google Apps Script project
    npm run deploy
    ```

3.  Run `npm run clasp open` to open the on-line script editor in the browser, and then execute the top-level function `init` within the opened script editor to genetare a new form and a new spreadsheet. The URLs of the form and the spreadsheet will be printed in the execution log. (It is safe to run this function multiple times as it would not perform any action if the form and the spreadsheet have already been generated.)

## ⬆️ Code Re-deployment

1.  Run the following commands after updating the code:

    ```bash
    npm run build
    npm run deploy
    ```

## ♻️ Form Regenaration

If the configuration is changed, you should also regenerate the form _after_ updating the code:

1.  Run `npm run clasp open` to open the on-line script editor in the browser, and then execute the top-level function `regenerateForm` within the opened script editor to regenerate the form.

## 🧘 Advanced Setup

It is possible to execute top-level functions directly from the command line (instead of using `npm run clasp open` and your browser), but a much more advanced setup is needed. Carefully follow [clasp’ documentation on `clasp run`](https://github.com/google/clasp/blob/master/docs/run.md) to enable this feature. (Caveat: it seems `executionApi.access` in `application.json` can remain to be `MYSELF` unless you want others to run the script; in other words, you do not have to modify `application.json` at all.)

## ©️ Copyright

Copyright 2020--2022 Kerno Development Team

Commit message:

docs(README): add archive notice

README.markdown, after:

# 🗃️ Archive Notice

The late-day system has helped me provide accommodation over many past semesters. However, I am now experimenting with allowing redoes instead giving late days. As a result, this repository is archived.

---

# 🏃 Late Days

![Google Form Demo](docs/form-demo.png)

Management of late day requests using Google Forms and Google Sheets

## ⚙️ Setting Up

1. Create the configuration file `config/config.ts` from the sample `config/sample.ts`.

2. Run the following commands:

   ```bash
   # install dependencies
   npm ci

   # build the JavaScript code
   npm run build

   # log into your Google account (if not globally logged in yet)
   npm run clasp login

   # create a new Google Apps Script project
   npm run clasp create -- --type standalone --title "Late Days Script"

   # deploy the code to the newly created Google Apps Script project
   npm run deploy
   ```

3. Run `npm run clasp open` to open the on-line script editor in the browser, and then execute the top-level function `init` within the opened script editor to genetare a new form and a new spreadsheet. The URLs of the form and the spreadsheet will be printed in the execution log. (It is safe to run this function multiple times as it would not perform any action if the form and the spreadsheet have already been generated.)

## ⬆️ Code Re-deployment

1. Run the following commands after updating the code:

   ```bash
   npm run build
   npm run deploy
   ```

## ♻️ Form Regenaration

If the configuration is changed, you should also regenerate the form _after_ updating the code:

1. Run `npm run clasp open` to open the on-line script editor in the browser, and then execute the top-level function `regenerateForm` within the opened script editor to regenerate the form.

## 🧘 Advanced Setup

It is possible to execute top-level functions directly from the command line (instead of using `npm run clasp open` and your browser), but a much more advanced setup is needed. Carefully follow [clasp’ documentation on `clasp run`](https://github.com/google/clasp/blob/master/docs/run.md) to enable this feature. (Caveat: it seems `executionApi.access` in `application.json` can remain to be `MYSELF` unless you want others to run the script; in other words, you do not have to modify `application.json` at all.)

## ©️ Copyright

Copyright 2020--2022 Kerno Development Team
