README.adoc, before:

= 🏃 Late Days

Management of late day requests using Google Forms and Google Sheets

== ⚙️ Setting Up

. Create the configuration file `config/config.ts` from the sample `config/sample.ts`.
. Run the following commands:
+
[source,bash]
----
npm ci
npm run build
npm run clasp login # if not globally logged in
npm run clasp create
npm run deploy
----
. Run `npm run clasp open` to open the on-line script editor in the browser.
. Execute the top-level `init` function in the script editor.

== ⬆️ Code Re-deployment

. Run the following commands after updating the code:
+
[source,bash]
----
npm run build
npm run deploy
----

=== ♻️ Form Regenaration

If configuration is changed, there are extra steps _after_ updating the code to update the form.

. Run `npm run clasp open` to open the on-line script editor in the browser.
. Execute the top-level `regenerateForm` function in the script editor to regenerate the form.

== ©️ Copyright

Copyright 2020–2021 Kerno Development Team

Commit message:

docs: better documentation (#33)
* docs(README): use standalone type

* refactor(response): clarify reply-all

* docs(form): explain why emails cannot be used as IDs

* docs(config): document sample.ts

* docs(README): add --title in the instructions

* docs(README): how to run top-level functions from command lines

* docs(config): tweak the documentation

README.adoc, after:

= 🏃 Late Days

Management of late day requests using Google Forms and Google Sheets

== ⚙️ Setting Up

. Create the configuration file `config/config.ts` from the sample `config/sample.ts`.
. Run the following commands:
+
[source,bash]
----
npm ci
npm run build
npm run clasp login # if not globally logged in
npm run clasp create -- --type standalone --title "Late Days Script"
npm run deploy
----
. Run `npm run clasp open` to open the on-line script editor in the browser.
. Execute the top-level `init` function in the script editor.

== ⬆️ Code Re-deployment

. Run the following commands after updating the code:
+
[source,bash]
----
npm run build
npm run deploy
----

=== ♻️ Form Regenaration

If the configuration is changed, you should also regenerate the form _after_ updating the code:

. Run `npm run clasp open` to open the on-line script editor in the browser.
. Execute the top-level `regenerateForm` function in the script editor to regenerate the form.

== 🧘 Advanced Setup

It is possible to avoid `npm run clasp open` and execute top-level functions directly from the command line, but a much more advanced setup is needed. Carefully follow https://github.com/google/clasp/blob/master/docs/run.md[clasp`' documentation on `clasp run`] to enable this feature. (Caveat: it seems `executionApi.access` in `application.json` can remain to be `MYSELF` unless you want others to run the script; in other words, you do not have to modify `application.json` at all.)

== ©️ Copyright

Copyright 2020–2021 Kerno Development Team
