src/canvas/README.md, before:

## Canvas Integrations

[GraphQL](https://graphql.org/) is used to access the Canvas APIs for integration into the app. The in-browser IDE to explore the APIs for the UMN Canvas can be found [here](https://canvas.umn.edu/graphiql).

### Development

#### Accessing user token

Generate [developer keys](https://community.canvaslms.com/t5/Admin-Guide/How-do-I-obtain-an-API-access-token-in-the-Canvas-Data-Portal/ta-p/157) and paste them in
`config/config.ts`
`src/canvas/codegen.yml`

#### Writing typed GraphQL queries

[Graphql-codegen](https://www.the-guild.dev/graphql/codegen) package for typescript is used to generate types for different query responses based on the schema defined at https://canvas.umn.edu/api/graphql.
To write more graphql queries, add the new queries in the [queries](./queries) folder and run the following command (one-time during development).

```
npm run graphql-codegen
```

This will generate a `./queryTypes.ts` file with required types. The query response to be used is now strongly typed!

### Production

#### Fetching class roster

Run the `fetchRoster` function in the Google Apps Script any number of times to fetch and overwrite the latest class roster details in the spreadsheet. These details will be present in a sheet called _Roster Sheet_ in the same google sheet that is the destination for the google form.
To enable Canvas functionalities, run atleast one time after the script-init.

#### Auto Refund of unused late days

For any assignment, use the `canvasEnabled` flag in [config file](../../config/sample.ts) to enable automated refund of the late days. [WIP]

Commit message:

schedule trigger on assignment deadlines

src/canvas/README.md, after:

# Canvas Integrations

[GraphQL](https://graphql.org/) is used to access the Canvas APIs for integration into the app. The in-browser IDE to explore the APIs for the UMN Canvas can be found [here](https://canvas.umn.edu/graphiql).

## Development

### Accessing user token

Generate [developer keys](https://community.canvaslms.com/t5/Admin-Guide/How-do-I-obtain-an-API-access-token-in-the-Canvas-Data-Portal/ta-p/157) and paste them in
`config/config.ts`
`src/canvas/codegen.yml`

### Writing typed GraphQL queries

[Graphql-codegen](https://www.the-guild.dev/graphql/codegen) package for typescript is used to generate types for different query responses based on the schema defined at https://canvas.umn.edu/api/graphql.
To write more graphql queries, add the new queries in the [queries](./queries) folder and run the following command (one-time during development).

```
npm run graphql-codegen
```

This will generate a [`./queryTypes.ts`](./queryTypes.ts) file with required types. Keep/modify the required types of the responses as needed. The query responses to be used are now strongly typed!

## Production

### Fetching class roster

Run the `fetchRoster` function in the Google Apps Script any number of times to fetch and overwrite the latest class roster details in the spreadsheet. These details will be present in a sheet called _Roster Sheet_ in the same google sheet that is the destination for the google form.
To enable Canvas functionalities, run atleast one time after the script-init.

### Auto Refund of unused late days

For any assignment, use the `canvasEnabled` flag in [config file](../../config/sample.ts) to enable automated refund of the late days. A time-trigger is scheduled currently (daily 6 am CST) that checks for any assignment that has canvasEnabled set true and has a recent deadline passed. Unused late days are refunded based on the submission details from canvas and the requested usage days from the Spreadsheet.
[WIP] Send mail acknowledgement to student & cc to course email for verification.
